README.md, before:

# node-taglib3

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/schneefux/node-taglib3.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/schneefux/node-taglib3)
[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/taglib3.svg?sanitize=true)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/taglib3)

A rewrite of [node-taglib2](https://github.com/voltraco/node-taglib2) for Node 10 to 13 and taglib 1.11.1 with support for non-standard properties, a non-blocking API and ID3 GEOB attributes.

## Installation

### OSX/Linux

You need to have installed a proper C/C++ compiler toolchain, like GCC (For OSX please download [Xcode and Command Line Tools](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)).

### Windows

You need to have Visual C++ Build Environment setup, which you can download as a standalone [Visual C++ Build Tools](http://landinghub.visualstudio.com/visual-cpp-build-tools) package or get it as part of [Visual Studio 2015](https://www.visualstudio.com/products/visual-studio-community-vs).

## Usage
For example, with electron:

```
ELECTRON=1 npm install
```

### Writing tags

Specify an object of tag names and tag entries to (over) write. Tag entries must be arrays of strings. Not all file formats support multiple entries.
See the [taglib documentation](https://taglib.org/api/classTagLib_1_1PropertyMap.html) for details.

### Reading tags

```js
const taglib = require('taglib2')
// sync
const tags = taglib.readTagsSync('file.mp3')
// async
const tags = taglib.readTags('file.mp3', (error, data) => console.log(error, data))
```

```json
{
  "ARTIST": ["Howlin' Wolf"],
  "TITLE": ["Howlin' Wolf"],
  "MY_OWN_SPECIAL_ATTRIBUTE": ["datadatadata"],
  "DELETE_THIS": ["delete me"]
}
```

```js
const taglib = require('taglib2')

const props = {
  artist: ['Howlin\' Wolf'],
  title: ['Evil is goin\' on'],
  my_own_special_attribute: ['datadatadata'],
  delete_this: []
}

// sync
taglib.writeTagsSync('file.mp3', props)
// async
taglib.writeTags('file.mp3', props, (error, data) => console.log(error, data))
```

### GEOB

Data is passed using base64. The keys are used as frame descriptions.
Frames will be written using the mime type 'application/octet-stream', no encoding and no filename.

```js
const taglib = require('taglib2')
console.log(taglib.readId3TagsSync('file.mp3'))
taglib.writeId3TagsSync('file.mp3', { 'Another Binary Attribute': Buffer.from('hello mp3').toString('base64') })
```

```json
{
  "Binary Attribute": ["aGVsbG8gd29ybGQ="]
}
```

Commit message:

Read and write GEOB tags as mime+file+description+data

README.md, after:

# node-taglib3

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/schneefux/node-taglib3.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/schneefux/node-taglib3)
[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/taglib3.svg?sanitize=true)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/taglib3)

A rewrite of [node-taglib2](https://github.com/voltraco/node-taglib2) for Node 10 to 13 and taglib 1.11.1 with support for non-standard properties, a non-blocking API and ID3 GEOB attributes.

## Installation

### OSX/Linux

You need to have installed a proper C/C++ compiler toolchain, like GCC (For OSX please download [Xcode and Command Line Tools](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)).

### Windows

You need to have Visual C++ Build Environment setup, which you can download as a standalone [Visual C++ Build Tools](http://landinghub.visualstudio.com/visual-cpp-build-tools) package or get it as part of [Visual Studio 2015](https://www.visualstudio.com/products/visual-studio-community-vs).

## Usage
For example, with electron:

```
ELECTRON=1 npm install
```

### Writing tags

Specify an object of tag names and tag entries to (over) write. Tag entries must be arrays of strings. Not all file formats support multiple entries.
See the [taglib documentation](https://taglib.org/api/classTagLib_1_1PropertyMap.html) for details.

### Reading tags

```js
const taglib = require('taglib2')
// sync
const tags = taglib.readTagsSync('file.mp3')
// async
const tags = taglib.readTags('file.mp3', (error, data) => console.log(error, data))
```

```json
{
  "ARTIST": ["Howlin' Wolf"],
  "TITLE": ["Howlin' Wolf"],
  "MY_OWN_SPECIAL_ATTRIBUTE": ["datadatadata"],
  "DELETE_THIS": ["delete me"]
}
```

```js
const taglib = require('taglib2')

const props = {
  artist: ['Howlin\' Wolf'],
  title: ['Evil is goin\' on'],
  my_own_special_attribute: ['datadatadata'],
  delete_this: []
}

// sync
taglib.writeTagsSync('file.mp3', props)
// async
taglib.writeTags('file.mp3', props, (error, data) => console.log(error, data))
```

### GEOB

The keys are used to identify duplicate frames by their description, duplicates will be deleted.
Data is passed using base64, encoded as `mimetype\x00filename\x00description\x00data` in Latin1 encoding.

```js
const taglib = require('taglib2')
console.log(taglib.readId3TagsSync('file.mp3'))
taglib.writeId3TagsSync('file.mp3', {
  'Another Binary Attribute': Buffer.from('application/octet-stream\x00\x00Another Binary Attribute\x00hello mp3').toString('base64'),
  'Delete this': '',
})
```

```json
{
  "Binary Attribute": ["aGVsbG8gd29ybGQ="]
}
```
